and you know it's light to have a video
at all you hear is jcy Hey this is
Phyllis I'm going to show you my parrot
this particular one is I'm African Grey
we've also got Jesse down your wine in
the background plates up lining if you
want my food using a purpose night
go ahead addition to my parrot Sammy
this particular share is an African Grey
and in the African great families
there's a types of birds of the Congo
and the look of Timnath Sammy just have
to speak the book to describe the decent
african greys are really in his office
and really good learners and I got Sammy
this humongous cage because I didn't
want even just in a real small parrot
cage and it kind of keeps this one in my
living room except for during Christmas
season and any other time I usually keep
them in my living their hands right now
I got in the corner in my kitchen I mean
I'm here cleaning out his cage you put
him in some on some peanuts and I give
him grapes and broccoli and eggs african
greys love all kind of vegetables in and
see you peanuts so I might give you 2
stalks for you while I'm cleaning over
the cage
and uh semi-loads a few eyes well a
little sunflower seed so always keep a
little sunflower seed comes that patrol
on you come go back in your boat stay
let's stay
and also feed Sammy just the regular
parrot mix but I always keep this any uh
refrigerate it's always a good keep
birdseed refrigerated I practice a lot
of time so that they can have like bugs
in them like when you buy at Walmart or
the pet store you can get like little
pops of bugs and keep them in
refrigerator if they're already bug eggs
it just happen to be the guy in the
studio a refrigeration work you'll kill
off those bugs and it's a safe for your
pet that way
didn't like it said Sammy likes grapes
and he also likes cherries and all types
of uh I like to see it like super great
and vegetable so right now just wanna
tell you man so I made seedless grapes
let's pick these up the watermark born
but I got that one did not see you
and the difference in the in the congo
african greys and the Timnath
african greys attendance of just a
little bit smaller and they don't have a
great bright red tail like yeah the
Congo does Cougars are just uh a little
bit bigger and a little more nervous to
the Congo somewhere I have to be really
bad and like I said they have
these really really bright brilliant red
tails and the biggest thing that I've
ran have been told it attendants are not
quite as nervous as the Congo because
you don't want to burden that plexus ale
did you talk for Sammy you say hello and
I keep saying it covered up at night
also I don't keep him around any are in
events where the heater the air would
blow up keep it around a ceiling fan cuz
I make a bird sick if he's exposed to if
you just move hair and you think you're
doing my favor by hey we don't air
blowing keep them warm or that any type
of added pleasure these birds that make
them sick
I'll reach around
and I have a lot of different perches in
here for him in his cage most of them
were two sticks and I got all the woods
and I've put them in various places
because he loves to be really active
he's always you know moving the
batteries cage and I keep a lot of toys
keep them in Spain cuz that's another
thing with with these birds
all right you always make sure he's
especially not home that these birds are
always entertained with toys because if
they think it bored they will start
plucking herself like I said you don't
want to burn it that plucks it said all
right I know you sure don't do you say
hello can you say hello call it touch
telephoto Sammy
on the topic
can you call it battery hold it up call
it happy can you call the puppy can you
call the puppy
you always have to be really careful
with these birds up their beaks they
have a really really strong beak and
when they buy and they don't bite of
times I'm a nest egg just a bite because
I said natural instinct to really grab
ahold of something like your finger or
your here and makes me really call it
seriously injury those beasts they don't
have teeth with those beeps when they
match that on you ha it just goes right
down into your skin it can almost bite
almost have you bond if a woman said can
you call it puppy did you call the puppy
probably better call it that you're
saying can you call it puppy call it
perfect
can you call me Pepe if you're camera
shy he does his best talking with
nobody's in the room can you call it
puppy
helicopter same call it a Ducati
in the club
we were uh bill hey these birds always
once had a hand rub
yeah I'll let you sit down in it unless
it did see feel tall but I only trying
to see if you'll call okay okay I'll
leave you ready to see few pumps he
talks whole lot better with everybody's
in around